The last few pages and exercises of the lesson have been all about Ansible.
By now you should have enough of a foundation to put it to use and combine
that knowledge with what we know about CI/CD and CircleCI jobs.
The next few sections we're going to go over some of
the different types of jobs that you might need to run in a CD pipeline,
we'll look at each type in detail.
When we're done, you'll be able to build your own CI/CD servers
that can turn code into cash from first commit to production.
To get the most out of these next sections I
suggest you code along with me and try things out for yourself.
If you don't already have a playground repository and corresponding project in CircleCI,
I suggest you get that set up before you continue.
Ready? Let's start deploying.